going up against pretty good defensive
mismatched oh oh they're mm Clark
run down 'here's have to watch the
outside
buzzer the 2009 Eastern champion orlando
magic versus the capable chicago bulls
it's a sunday show down here on 2k
sports
united center
London to the manager
the NBA welcomes you to our branches
this is Kevin Harlan with Clark Kellogg
tip-off moments away and t-mobile
presents the starting lineups
and now time for the sprite I scored
keys to the game
imagine what today need to do the Sakura
will well Kevin free throws are big
concern their team that struggled at the
line they were dead last in free throw
percentage last season that can make a
big difference down the stretch in a
close game so we'll see if it's a fact
oh Clark how about Chicago what will be
the key for them well they're facing two
white Howard and they have to zero in on
him he's a tremendous shot blocker
leaving the league in blocked shots last
season so you kidnapping on orphan is it
commanding presence around the rim we'll
see how flushes hit with the one-handed
Jam he's got five it's a great look
ahead of course to set up the easy
fast-break thin and here are the Bulls
now your summons
throws with the ball right around 3
minutes left in the first two runs Rose
wasn't careful with his position gets
nailed with the back court violation
now Carter he's got nine imagine on a
bit of a roll here here's pass nails it
from close range Rose with the ball
15-point game here's salmans salmans get
you know John Salmons kevin is a heck of
an addition for the Chicago Bulls this
is the young man who can get it done at
both ends of the floor he's athletic
he's strong he's physical and he's
skilled and he can shoot the three he
can get to the rim he makes plays for
others I think Chicago going to be quite
pleased
all that he brings to the table oh man
Zach like that will make a coach lose
his hair the jump off to Nelson
easy shot hits the left of the rim hits
the friendly bounce no answers on deep
they can't do anything to stop here is
no white Howard grabs the board he's not
giving an inch on defense he really
bothered that shot Louis on the way and
it's dang with the rebound here comes
rose knocked loose the magic bring it up
there on a 19-2 to run
that hard dumps it off
jacks up the triple can't get it to go
why Chicago chips it the other way
Salman
Nelson Corral's the myths inside looks
like he had the angle that's a bad miss
that close to the goal
oh here's murdered late in with the deed
draped all over him he's got 11 well
they're not doing a good job here on
defense in the first quarter k